Docs for using a new SOAP plugin. (#356)
playframework/play-soap: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/plugin/sbt.adoc

= SBT

Example using `play-soap-plugin` with https://github.com/PaymentHighway/sbt-cxf[sbt-cxf plugin]

Add dependency and plugin into your project in `project/plugins.sbt`:

[,scala]
----
libraryDependencies ++= Seq("com.typesafe.play" % "play-soap-plugin" % "2.0.0")

addSbtPlugin("io.paymenthighway.sbt" % "sbt-cxf" % "1.6")
----

> Add the plugin configuration in `build.sbt` with additional arguments to wsdl2java for generate java-classes for web-service WSDLs using Apache CXF:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the plugin configuration to the `build.sbt` file. If additional arguments are needed to generate java classes for our web-service WSDLs using Apache CXF, we would also need to pass those arguments as a parameter to the `cxfWSDLs` setting.
```
